Prepare functionality for serverless gitops POC (#8924)
kyma-project/kyma: components/function-controller/cmd/jobinit/README.md

# JobInit

The JobInit is used as the init container for injecting git repository to the [building job](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/serverless/#details-function-processing-built).

### Environment variables

| Variable                    | Description                                                                   | Default value |
| --------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |

> | **APP_MOUNT_PATH**          | Destination path on which should be cloned the repository                     | `/workspace`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_MOUNT_PATH**          | Path under which JobInit should clone the repository                     | `/workspace`
```

> | **APP_REPOSITORY_URL**      | Address to the git repository on which should be cloned                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_REPOSITORY_URL**      | Address of the Git repository to clone                       |
```

> | **APP_REPOSITORY_COMMIT**   | Commit Hash on which should be checkout                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_REPOSITORY_COMMIT**   | Commit to check out when cloning the repository                                   |
```

| **APP_REPOSITORY_USERNAME** | Username of account which should be used to clone private repository          |

> | **APP_REPOSITORY_PASSWORD** | Password or token of account which should be used to clone private repository |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_REPOSITORY_PASSWORD** | Password or token for the account which should be used to clone the private repository |
```

# JobInit

> The JobInit is used as the init container for injecting a Git repository to the [Job that builds a Function](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/serverless/#details-function-processing-built).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JobInit is used as the init container for injecting a Git repository to the [Job that builds a Function](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/serverless/#details-function-processing-built).
```

### Environment variables

JobInit uses these environment variables:

| Variable                    | Description                                                                   | Default value |
| --------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| **APP_MOUNT_PATH**          | Path under which JobInit should clone the repository                     | `/workspace`
| **APP_REPOSITORY_URL**      | Address of the Git repository to clone                       |
| **APP_REPOSITORY_COMMIT**   | Commit to check out when cloning the repository                                   |

> | **APP_REPOSITORY_USERNAME** | Username of the account which should be used to clone the private repository          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_REPOSITORY_USERNAME** | Username of the account used to clone the private repository          |
```

> | **APP_REPOSITORY_PASSWORD** | Password or token for the account which should be used to clone the private repository |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_REPOSITORY_PASSWORD** | Password or token for the account used to clone the private repository |
```
